docs/helm-chart/index.rst, before:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

.. image:: /img/helm-logo.svg
    :width: 100
    :class: no-scaled-link

Helm Chart for Apache Airflow
=============================

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    Home <self>
    quick-start
    airflow-configuration
    adding-connections-and-variables
    manage-dags-files
    manage-logs
    setting-resources-for-containers
    keda
    using-additional-containers
    customizing-workers
    Installing from sources<installing-helm-chart-from-sources>

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :caption: Guides

    production-guide

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :caption: References

    Parameters <parameters-ref>
    release_notes


This chart will bootstrap an `Airflow <https://airflow.apache.org>`__
deployment on a `Kubernetes <http://kubernetes.io>`__ cluster using the
`Helm <https://helm.sh>`__ package manager.

Requirements
------------

-  Kubernetes 1.20+ cluster
-  Helm 3.0+
-  PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure (optionally)

Features
--------

* Supported executors: ``LocalExecutor``, ``CeleryExecutor``, ``KubernetesExecutor``, ``LocalKubernetesExecutor``, ``CeleryKubernetesExecutor``
* Supported Airflow version: ``1.10+``, ``2.0+``
* Supported database backend: ``PostgresSQL``, ``MySQL``
* Autoscaling for ``CeleryExecutor`` provided by KEDA
* PostgreSQL and PgBouncer with a battle-tested configuration
* Monitoring:

   * StatsD/Prometheus metrics for Airflow
   * Prometheus metrics for PgBouncer
   * Flower
* Automatic database migration after a new deployment
* Administrator account creation during deployment
* Kerberos secure configuration
* One-command deployment for any type of executor. You don't need to provide other services e.g. Redis/Database to test the Airflow.

Installing the Chart
--------------------

To install this chart using Helm 3, run the following commands:

.. code-block:: bash

    helm repo add apache-airflow https://airflow.apache.org
    helm upgrade --install airflow apache-airflow/airflow --namespace airflow --create-namespace

The command deploys Airflow on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The :doc:`parameters-ref`
section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.


.. tip:: List all releases using ``helm list``.

Upgrading the Chart
-------------------

To upgrade the chart with the release name ``airflow``:

.. code-block:: bash

    helm upgrade airflow apache-airflow/airflow --namespace airflow

.. note::
  To upgrade to a new version of the chart, run ``helm repo update`` first.

Uninstalling the Chart
----------------------

To uninstall/delete the ``airflow`` deployment:

.. code-block:: bash

    helm delete airflow --namespace airflow

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

Installing the Chart with Argo CD or Flux
-----------------------------------------

When installing the chart using Argo CD or Flux, you MUST set the two following values, or your application
will not start as the migrations will not be run:

.. code-block:: yaml

   createUserJob.useHelmHooks: false
   migrateDatabaseJob.useHelmHooks: false

Commit message:

Chart: minor clarifications to docs (#24929)
GitOrigin-RevId: aae9b9338372ac122dc38f9ee9589a1a7bc87cf5

docs/helm-chart/index.rst, after:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

.. image:: /img/helm-logo.svg
    :width: 100
    :class: no-scaled-link

Helm Chart for Apache Airflow
=============================

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    Home <self>
    quick-start
    airflow-configuration
    adding-connections-and-variables
    manage-dags-files
    manage-logs
    setting-resources-for-containers
    keda
    using-additional-containers
    customizing-workers
    Installing from sources<installing-helm-chart-from-sources>

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :caption: Guides

    production-guide

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :caption: References

    Parameters <parameters-ref>
    release_notes


This chart will bootstrap an `Airflow <https://airflow.apache.org>`__
deployment on a `Kubernetes <http://kubernetes.io>`__ cluster using the
`Helm <https://helm.sh>`__ package manager.

Requirements
------------

-  Kubernetes 1.20+ cluster
-  Helm 3.0+
-  PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure (optionally)

Features
--------

* Supported executors: ``LocalExecutor``, ``CeleryExecutor``, ``KubernetesExecutor``, ``LocalKubernetesExecutor``, ``CeleryKubernetesExecutor``
* Supported Airflow version: ``1.10+``, ``2.0+``
* Supported database backend: ``PostgresSQL``, ``MySQL``
* Autoscaling for ``CeleryExecutor`` provided by KEDA
* PostgreSQL and PgBouncer with a battle-tested configuration
* Monitoring:

   * StatsD/Prometheus metrics for Airflow
   * Prometheus metrics for PgBouncer
   * Flower
* Automatic database migration after a new deployment
* Administrator account creation during deployment
* Kerberos secure configuration
* One-command deployment for any type of executor. You don't need to provide other services e.g. Redis/Database to test the Airflow.

Installing the Chart
--------------------

To install this chart using Helm 3, run the following commands:

.. code-block:: bash

    helm repo add apache-airflow https://airflow.apache.org
    helm upgrade --install airflow apache-airflow/airflow --namespace airflow --create-namespace

The command deploys Airflow on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The :doc:`parameters-ref`
section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.


.. tip:: List all releases using ``helm list``.

Upgrading the Chart
-------------------

To upgrade the chart with the release name ``airflow``:

.. code-block:: bash

    helm upgrade airflow apache-airflow/airflow --namespace airflow

.. note::
  To upgrade to a new version of the chart, run ``helm repo update`` first.

Uninstalling the Chart
----------------------

To uninstall/delete the ``airflow`` deployment:

.. code-block:: bash

    helm delete airflow --namespace airflow

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

.. note::
  Some kubernetes resources created by the chart `helm hooks <https://helm.sh/docs/topics/charts_hooks/#hook-resources-are-not-managed-with-corresponding-releases>`__ might be left in the namespace after executing ``helm uninstall``, for example, ``brokerUrlSecret`` or ``fernetKeySecret``.

Installing the Chart with Argo CD or Flux
-----------------------------------------

When installing the chart using Argo CD or Flux, you MUST set the two following values, or your application
will not start as the migrations will not be run:

.. code-block:: yaml

   createUserJob.useHelmHooks: false
   migrateDatabaseJob.useHelmHooks: false
