.github/SECURITY.rst, before:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Reporting Vulnerabilities
-------------------------

**⚠️ Please do not file GitHub issues for security vulnerabilities as they are public! ⚠️**

The Apache Software Foundation takes security issues very seriously. Apache
Airflow specifically offers security features and is responsive to issues
around its features. If you have any concern around Airflow Security or believe
you have uncovered a vulnerability, we suggest that you get in touch via the
e-mail address security@apache.org. In the message, try to provide a
description of the issue and ideally a way of reproducing it. The security team
will get back to you after assessing the description.

Note that this security address should be used only for undisclosed
vulnerabilities. Dealing with fixed issues or general questions on how to use
the security features should be handled regularly via the user and the dev
lists. Please report any security problems to the project security address
before disclosing it publicly.

The `ASF Security team's page <https://www.apache.org/security/>`_ describes
how vulnerability reports are handled, and includes PGP keys if you wish to use
that.

Commit message:

Add broad-strokes 'security model' (#30843)
Add a broad-strokes description of the security expectations
operator should expect. This will get included into
https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/administration-and-deployment/security/index.html

I'm no Airflow expert so help definitely welcome.

I would like this section to be a bit more prominent rather than hidden away
under 'Administration and Deployment', but it looks like the structure was
carefully considered in https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/27235 so this
is probably fine.

Eventually we could point the 'Security' link on the main pages
like https://airflow.apache.org/ to this page.

GitOrigin-RevId: f20c08a77c9daefe54c14c5013fcf53d84b5744d

.github/SECURITY.rst, after:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Security Model
--------------

In the Airflow security model, the system administrators are fully trusted.
They are the only ones who can upload new DAGs, which gives them the ability
to execute any code on the server.

Authenticated web interface and API users with Admin/Op permissions are trusted,
but to a lesser extent: they can configure the DAGs which gives them some control,
but not arbitrary code execution.

Authenticated Web interface and API users with 'regular' permissions are trusted
to the point where they can impact resource consumption and pause/unpause configured DAGs,
but not otherwise influence their functionality.

Reporting Vulnerabilities
-------------------------

**⚠️ Please do not file GitHub issues for security vulnerabilities as they are public! ⚠️**

The Apache Software Foundation takes security issues very seriously. Apache
Airflow specifically offers security features and is responsive to issues
around its features. If you have any concern around Airflow Security or believe
you have uncovered a vulnerability, we suggest that you get in touch via the
e-mail address security@apache.org. In the message, try to provide a
description of the issue and ideally a way of reproducing it. The security team
will get back to you after assessing the description.

Note that this security address should be used only for undisclosed
vulnerabilities. Dealing with fixed issues or general questions on how to use
the security features should be handled regularly via the user and the dev
lists. Please report any security problems to the project security address
before disclosing it publicly.

The `ASF Security team's page <https://www.apache.org/security/>`_ describes
how vulnerability reports are handled, and includes PGP keys if you wish to use
that.
