docs/apache-airflow/start.rst, before:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.



Quick Start
-----------

This quick start guide will help you bootstrap an Airflow standalone instance on your local machine.

.. note::

   Successful installation requires a Python 3 environment. Starting with Airflow 2.3.0, Airflow is tested with Python 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10. Note that
   Python 3.11 is not yet supported.

   Only ``pip`` installation is currently officially supported.

   While there have been successes with using other tools like `poetry <https://python-poetry.org/>`_ or
   `pip-tools <https://pypi.org/project/pip-tools/>`_, they do not share the same workflow as
   ``pip`` - especially when it comes to constraint vs. requirements management.
   Installing via ``Poetry`` or ``pip-tools`` is not currently supported.

   If you wish to install Airflow using those tools you should use the constraint files and convert
   them to appropriate format and workflow that your tool requires.

The installation of Airflow is painless if you follow the instructions below. Airflow uses
constraint files to enable reproducible installation, so using ``pip`` and constraint files is recommended.

1. Set Airflow Home (optional):

   Airflow requires a home directory, and uses ``~/airflow`` by default, but you can set a different location if you prefer. The ``AIRFLOW_HOME`` environment variable is used to inform Airflow of the desired location. This step of setting the environment variable should be done before installing Airflow so that the installation process knows where to store the necessary files.

   .. code-block:: bash

      export AIRFLOW_HOME=~/airflow

2. Install Airflow using the constraints file, which is determined based on the URL we pass:

   .. code-block:: bash
      :substitutions:


      AIRFLOW_VERSION=|version|

      # Extract the version of Python you have installed. If you're currently using Python 3.11 you may want to set this manually as noted above, Python 3.11 is not yet supported.
      PYTHON_VERSION="$(python --version | cut -d " " -f 2 | cut -d "." -f 1-2)"

      CONSTRAINT_URL="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apache/airflow/constraints-${AIRFLOW_VERSION}/constraints-${PYTHON_VERSION}.txt"
      # For example this would install |version| with python 3.7: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apache/airflow/constraints-|version|/constraints-3.7.txt

      pip install "apache-airflow==${AIRFLOW_VERSION}" --constraint "${CONSTRAINT_URL}"

3. Run Airflow Standalone:

   The ``airflow standalone`` command initializes the database, creates a user, and starts all components.

   .. code-block:: bash

      airflow standalone

4. Access the Airflow UI:

   Visit ``localhost:8080`` in your browser and log in with the admin account details shown in the terminal. Enable the ``example_bash_operator`` DAG in the home page.

Upon running these commands, Airflow will create the ``$AIRFLOW_HOME`` folder
and create the "airflow.cfg" file with defaults that will get you going fast.
You can override defaults using environment variables, see :doc:`/configurations-ref`.
You can inspect the file either in ``$AIRFLOW_HOME/airflow.cfg``, or through the UI in
the ``Admin->Configuration`` menu. The PID file for the webserver will be stored
in ``$AIRFLOW_HOME/airflow-webserver.pid`` or in ``/run/airflow/webserver.pid``
if started by systemd.

Out of the box, Airflow uses a SQLite database, which you should outgrow
fairly quickly since no parallelization is possible using this database
backend. It works in conjunction with the
:class:`~airflow.executors.sequential_executor.SequentialExecutor` which will
only run task instances sequentially. While this is very limiting, it allows
you to get up and running quickly and take a tour of the UI and the
command line utilities.

As you grow and deploy Airflow to production, you will also want to move away
from the ``standalone`` command we use here to running the components
separately. You can read more in :doc:`/administration-and-deployment/production-deployment`.

Here are a few commands that will trigger a few task instances. You should
be able to see the status of the jobs change in the ``example_bash_operator`` DAG as you
run the commands below.

.. code-block:: bash

    # run your first task instance
    airflow tasks test example_bash_operator runme_0 2015-01-01
    # run a backfill over 2 days
    airflow dags backfill example_bash_operator \
        --start-date 2015-01-01 \
        --end-date 2015-01-02

If you want to run the individual parts of Airflow manually rather than using
the all-in-one ``standalone`` command, you can instead run:

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow db init

    airflow users create \
        --username admin \
        --firstname Peter \
        --lastname Parker \
        --role Admin \
        --email spiderman@superhero.org

    airflow webserver --port 8080

    airflow scheduler

What's Next?
''''''''''''
From this point, you can head to the :doc:`/tutorial/index` section for further examples or the :doc:`/howto/index` section if you're ready to get your hands dirty.

Commit message:

Bring back min-airflow-version for preinstalled providers (#31469)
In the last wave of providers #31416 we bumped min-airlfow-version to 2.4 and
added mechanism to verify min-airflow version is ok while importing, but
it turned out that there are cases where installing just old version of
airflow (with no constraints) brings the latest version of those
providers and causes new installation of airflow to fail. This is far
too common to ignore or require to use constraints, unfortunately  We do
not have min-airlfow-version in the preinstalled providers for one
reason only. For some tools that are NOT conforming to standards (such
as bazel), having min-airflow-version for those providers causes
circular dependency (even though technically dependencies in PyPI can -
and often are - circular, because dependencies in Python are not DAG and
can contain cycles.

This was in response to this issue in 2021 #17795.

However, this is really  bazel issue, and on top of it - it's recognized
as such and being fixed very recently
in https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_python/issues/1188 because there
are other packages that have similar problems (pytorch and triton being
popular couple). Also Bazel is not that popular in the Python world. 

Therefore, rather than trying to workaround the problem of bazel, we
encourage them to merge and release the fix
https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_python/pull/1166#issuecomment-1558690218
and call it out in our installation instructions, that bazel
installation might lead to problems like that.

If bazel does not fix it, this will only be a problem for Future
installations of airflow in a few months most likely. It will not impact
current bazel users installing old versions of Airflow (actually they
might start having problems now if we do not fix it and yank the 5
providers released yesterday)

GitOrigin-RevId: 547e352578fac92f072b269dc257d21cdc279d97

docs/apache-airflow/start.rst, after:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.



Quick Start
-----------

This quick start guide will help you bootstrap an Airflow standalone instance on your local machine.

.. note::

   Successful installation requires a Python 3 environment. Starting with Airflow 2.3.0, Airflow is tested with Python 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10. Note that
   Python 3.11 is not yet supported.

   Only ``pip`` installation is currently officially supported.

   While there have been successes with using other tools like `poetry <https://python-poetry.org/>`_ or
   `pip-tools <https://pypi.org/project/pip-tools/>`_, they do not share the same workflow as
   ``pip`` - especially when it comes to constraint vs. requirements management.
   Installing via ``Poetry`` or ``pip-tools`` is not currently supported.

   There are known issues with ``bazel`` that might lead to circular dependencies when using it to install
   Airflow. Please switch to ``pip`` if you encounter such problems. ``Bazel`` community works on fixing
   the problem in `this PR <https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_python/pull/1166>`_ so it might be that
   newer versions of ``bazel`` will handle it.

   If you wish to install Airflow using those tools you should use the constraint files and convert
   them to appropriate format and workflow that your tool requires.

The installation of Airflow is painless if you follow the instructions below. Airflow uses
constraint files to enable reproducible installation, so using ``pip`` and constraint files is recommended.

1. Set Airflow Home (optional):

   Airflow requires a home directory, and uses ``~/airflow`` by default, but you can set a different location if you prefer. The ``AIRFLOW_HOME`` environment variable is used to inform Airflow of the desired location. This step of setting the environment variable should be done before installing Airflow so that the installation process knows where to store the necessary files.

   .. code-block:: bash

      export AIRFLOW_HOME=~/airflow

2. Install Airflow using the constraints file, which is determined based on the URL we pass:

   .. code-block:: bash
      :substitutions:


      AIRFLOW_VERSION=|version|

      # Extract the version of Python you have installed. If you're currently using Python 3.11 you may want to set this manually as noted above, Python 3.11 is not yet supported.
      PYTHON_VERSION="$(python --version | cut -d " " -f 2 | cut -d "." -f 1-2)"

      CONSTRAINT_URL="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apache/airflow/constraints-${AIRFLOW_VERSION}/constraints-${PYTHON_VERSION}.txt"
      # For example this would install |version| with python 3.7: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apache/airflow/constraints-|version|/constraints-3.7.txt

      pip install "apache-airflow==${AIRFLOW_VERSION}" --constraint "${CONSTRAINT_URL}"

3. Run Airflow Standalone:

   The ``airflow standalone`` command initializes the database, creates a user, and starts all components.

   .. code-block:: bash

      airflow standalone

4. Access the Airflow UI:

   Visit ``localhost:8080`` in your browser and log in with the admin account details shown in the terminal. Enable the ``example_bash_operator`` DAG in the home page.

Upon running these commands, Airflow will create the ``$AIRFLOW_HOME`` folder
and create the "airflow.cfg" file with defaults that will get you going fast.
You can override defaults using environment variables, see :doc:`/configurations-ref`.
You can inspect the file either in ``$AIRFLOW_HOME/airflow.cfg``, or through the UI in
the ``Admin->Configuration`` menu. The PID file for the webserver will be stored
in ``$AIRFLOW_HOME/airflow-webserver.pid`` or in ``/run/airflow/webserver.pid``
if started by systemd.

Out of the box, Airflow uses a SQLite database, which you should outgrow
fairly quickly since no parallelization is possible using this database
backend. It works in conjunction with the
:class:`~airflow.executors.sequential_executor.SequentialExecutor` which will
only run task instances sequentially. While this is very limiting, it allows
you to get up and running quickly and take a tour of the UI and the
command line utilities.

As you grow and deploy Airflow to production, you will also want to move away
from the ``standalone`` command we use here to running the components
separately. You can read more in :doc:`/administration-and-deployment/production-deployment`.

Here are a few commands that will trigger a few task instances. You should
be able to see the status of the jobs change in the ``example_bash_operator`` DAG as you
run the commands below.

.. code-block:: bash

    # run your first task instance
    airflow tasks test example_bash_operator runme_0 2015-01-01
    # run a backfill over 2 days
    airflow dags backfill example_bash_operator \
        --start-date 2015-01-01 \
        --end-date 2015-01-02

If you want to run the individual parts of Airflow manually rather than using
the all-in-one ``standalone`` command, you can instead run:

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow db init

    airflow users create \
        --username admin \
        --firstname Peter \
        --lastname Parker \
        --role Admin \
        --email spiderman@superhero.org

    airflow webserver --port 8080

    airflow scheduler

What's Next?
''''''''''''
From this point, you can head to the :doc:`/tutorial/index` section for further examples or the :doc:`/howto/index` section if you're ready to get your hands dirty.
