docs/apache-airflow-providers/installing-from-pypi.rst, before:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Installation from PyPI
----------------------

This page describes installations using the ``apache-airflow-providers`` package `published in
PyPI <https://pypi.org/search/?q=apache-airflow-providers>`__.

Installation tools
''''''''''''''''''

Only ``pip`` installation is currently officially supported.

While there are some successes with using other tools like `poetry <https://python-poetry.org/>`_ or
`pip-tools <https://pypi.org/project/pip-tools/>`_, they do not share the same workflow as
``pip`` - especially when it comes to constraint vs. requirements management.
Installing via ``Poetry`` or ``pip-tools`` is not currently supported. If you wish to install airflow
using those tools you should use the constraints and convert them to appropriate
format and workflow that your tool requires.

Typical command to install airflow from PyPI looks like below (you need to use the right Airflow version and Python version):

.. code-block::

    pip install "apache-airflow-providers-celery" --constraint "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apache/airflow/constraints-2.3.0/constraints-3.7.txt"

This is an example, see :doc:`apache-airflow:installation/installing-from-pypi` for more examples, including how to upgrade the providers.

Commit message:

Bring back min-airflow-version for preinstalled providers (#31469)
In the last wave of providers #31416 we bumped min-airlfow-version to 2.4 and
added mechanism to verify min-airflow version is ok while importing, but
it turned out that there are cases where installing just old version of
airflow (with no constraints) brings the latest version of those
providers and causes new installation of airflow to fail. This is far
too common to ignore or require to use constraints, unfortunately  We do
not have min-airlfow-version in the preinstalled providers for one
reason only. For some tools that are NOT conforming to standards (such
as bazel), having min-airflow-version for those providers causes
circular dependency (even though technically dependencies in PyPI can -
and often are - circular, because dependencies in Python are not DAG and
can contain cycles.

This was in response to this issue in 2021 #17795.

However, this is really  bazel issue, and on top of it - it's recognized
as such and being fixed very recently
in https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_python/issues/1188 because there
are other packages that have similar problems (pytorch and triton being
popular couple). Also Bazel is not that popular in the Python world. 

Therefore, rather than trying to workaround the problem of bazel, we
encourage them to merge and release the fix
https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_python/pull/1166#issuecomment-1558690218
and call it out in our installation instructions, that bazel
installation might lead to problems like that.

If bazel does not fix it, this will only be a problem for Future
installations of airflow in a few months most likely. It will not impact
current bazel users installing old versions of Airflow (actually they
might start having problems now if we do not fix it and yank the 5
providers released yesterday)

GitOrigin-RevId: 547e352578fac92f072b269dc257d21cdc279d97

docs/apache-airflow-providers/installing-from-pypi.rst, after:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Installation from PyPI
----------------------

This page describes installations using the ``apache-airflow-providers`` package `published in
PyPI <https://pypi.org/search/?q=apache-airflow-providers>`__.

Installation tools
''''''''''''''''''

Only ``pip`` installation is currently officially supported.

.. note::

  While there are some successes with using other tools like `poetry <https://python-poetry.org/>`_ or
  `pip-tools <https://pypi.org/project/pip-tools/>`_, they do not share the same workflow as
  ``pip`` - especially when it comes to constraint vs. requirements management.
  Installing via ``Poetry`` or ``pip-tools`` is not currently supported. If you wish to install airflow
  using those tools you should use the constraints and convert them to appropriate
  format and workflow that your tool requires.

  There are known issues with ``bazel`` that might lead to circular dependencies when using it to install
  Airflow. Please switch to ``pip`` if you encounter such problems. ``Bazel`` community works on fixing
  the problem in `this PR <https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_python/pull/1166>`_ so it might be that
  newer versions of ``bazel`` will handle it.


Typical command to install airflow from PyPI looks like below (you need to use the right Airflow version and Python version):

.. code-block::

    pip install "apache-airflow-providers-celery" --constraint "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apache/airflow/constraints-2.3.0/constraints-3.7.txt"

This is an example, see :doc:`apache-airflow:installation/installing-from-pypi` for more examples, including how to upgrade the providers.
