docs/apache-airflow-providers-apache-flink/commits.rst, before:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-apache-flink
------------------------------------------------------

`Apache Flink <https://flink.apache.org/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``apache.flink``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2023-02-23

=================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================================
`68412e1664 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/68412e166414cbf6228385e1e118ec0939857496>`_  2023-02-23   ``Make cncf.kubernetes required for flink provider (#29710)``
`9aa873ad69 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9aa873ad697f31601f81c53b788e564ac479e4ee>`_  2023-02-22   ``Add more precise optional dependency to cncf.kubernetes from flink (#29707)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-12-21

=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================
`681835a67c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/681835a67c89784944f41fce86099bcb2c3a0614>`_  2022-12-21   ``Add Flink on K8s Operator  (#28512)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================

Commit message:

Prepare docs for May 2023 wave of Providers (#31252)
GitOrigin-RevId: d9ff55cf6d95bb342fed7a87613db7b9e7c8dd0f

docs/apache-airflow-providers-apache-flink/commits.rst, after:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-apache-flink
------------------------------------------------------

`Apache Flink <https://flink.apache.org/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``apache.flink``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



1.1.0
.....

Latest change: 2023-05-03

=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================
`eef5bc7f16 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/eef5bc7f166dc357fea0cc592d39714b1a5e3c14>`_  2023-05-03   ``Add full automation for min Airflow version for providers (#30994)``
`a7eb32a5b2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a7eb32a5b222e236454d3e474eec478ded7c368d>`_  2023-04-30   ``Bump minimum Airflow version in providers (#30917)``
`d23a3bbed8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d23a3bbed89ae04369983f21455bf85ccc1ae1cb>`_  2023-04-04   ``Add mechanism to suspend providers (#30422)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2023-03-03

=================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================================
`fcd3c0149f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fcd3c0149f17b364dfb94c0523d23e3145976bbe>`_  2023-03-03   ``Prepare docs for 03/2023 wave of Providers (#29878)``
`68412e1664 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/68412e166414cbf6228385e1e118ec0939857496>`_  2023-02-23   ``Make cncf.kubernetes required for flink provider (#29710)``
`9aa873ad69 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9aa873ad697f31601f81c53b788e564ac479e4ee>`_  2023-02-22   ``Add more precise optional dependency to cncf.kubernetes from flink (#29707)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-12-21

=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================
`681835a67c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/681835a67c89784944f41fce86099bcb2c3a0614>`_  2022-12-21   ``Add Flink on K8s Operator  (#28512)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================
