docs/apache-airflow-providers-airbyte/commits.rst, before:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-airbyte
------------------------------------------------------

`Airbyte <https://airbyte.io/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``airbyte``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



3.3.0
.....

Latest change: 2023-05-03

=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================
`eef5bc7f16 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/eef5bc7f166dc357fea0cc592d39714b1a5e3c14>`_  2023-05-03   ``Add full automation for min Airflow version for providers (#30994)``
`a7eb32a5b2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a7eb32a5b222e236454d3e474eec478ded7c368d>`_  2023-04-30   ``Bump minimum Airflow version in providers (#30917)``
`d23a3bbed8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d23a3bbed89ae04369983f21455bf85ccc1ae1cb>`_  2023-04-04   ``Add mechanism to suspend providers (#30422)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================

3.2.1
.....

Latest change: 2023-04-02

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================
`55dbf1ff1f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/55dbf1ff1fb0b22714f695a66f6108b3249d1199>`_  2023-04-02   ``Prepare docs for April 2023 wave of Providers (#30378)``
`8cec8cd2a1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8cec8cd2a1142e7541a6168aa3f6d070ee5bf410>`_  2023-03-11   ``Clarify optional parameters in Airbyte docstrings (#30031)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================

3.2.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-11-15

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================
`12c3c39d1a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c3c39d1a816c99c626fe4c650e88cf7b1cc1bc>`_  2022-11-15   ``pRepare docs for November 2022 wave of Providers (#27613)``
`78b8ea2f22 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/78b8ea2f22239db3ef9976301234a66e50b47a94>`_  2022-10-24   ``Move min airflow version to 2.3.0 for all providers (#27196)``
`2a34dc9e84 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/2a34dc9e8470285b0ed2db71109ef4265e29688b>`_  2022-10-23   ``Enable string normalization in python formatting - providers (#27205)``
`f8db64c35c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f8db64c35c8589840591021a48901577cff39c07>`_  2022-09-28   ``Update docs for September Provider's release (#26731)``
`06acf40a43 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/06acf40a4337759797f666d5bb27a5a393b74fed>`_  2022-09-13   ``Apply PEP-563 (Postponed Evaluation of Annotations) to non-core airflow (#26289)``
`e5ac6c7cfb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/e5ac6c7cfb189c33e3b247f7d5aec59fe5e89a00>`_  2022-08-10   ``Prepare docs for new providers release (August 2022) (#25618)``
`6861bcc03f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6861bcc03fa2177ad96cf493dcc19826849f92e3>`_  2022-08-04   ``AIP-47 - Migrate Airbyte DAGs to new design (#25135)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================

3.1.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-07-13

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================
`d2459a241b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d2459a241b54d596ebdb9d81637400279fff4f2d>`_  2022-07-13   ``Add documentation for July 2022 Provider's release (#25030)``
`0de31bd73a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0de31bd73a8f41dded2907f0dee59dfa6c1ed7a1>`_  2022-06-29   ``Move provider dependencies to inside provider folders (#24672)``
`c118b2836f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c118b2836f7211a0c3762cff8634b7b9a0d1cf0b>`_  2022-06-29   ``'AirbyteHook' add cancel job option (#24593)``
`510a6bab45 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/510a6bab4595cce8bd5b1447db957309d70f35d9>`_  2022-06-28   ``Remove 'hook-class-names' from provider.yaml (#24702)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================

3.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-06-09

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
`dcdcf3a2b8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/dcdcf3a2b8054fa727efb4cd79d38d2c9c7e1bd5>`_  2022-06-09   ``Update release notes for RC2 release of Providers for May 2022 (#24307)``
`717a7588bc <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/717a7588bc8170363fea5cb75f17efcf68689619>`_  2022-06-07   ``Update package description to remove double min-airflow specification (#24292)``
`aeabe994b3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/aeabe994b3381d082f75678a159ddbb3cbf6f4d3>`_  2022-06-07   ``Prepare docs for May 2022 provider's release (#24231)``
`027b707d21 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/027b707d215a9ff1151717439790effd44bab508>`_  2022-06-05   ``Add explanatory note for contributors about updating Changelog (#24229)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================

2.1.4
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-22

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================
`d7dbfb7e26 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d7dbfb7e26a50130d3550e781dc71a5fbcaeb3d2>`_  2022-03-22   ``Add documentation for bugfix release of Providers (#22383)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================

2.1.3
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-14

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
`16adc035b1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16adc035b1ecdf533f44fbb3e32bea972127bb71>`_  2022-03-14   ``Add documentation for Classifier release for March 2022 (#22226)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================

2.1.2
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-07

=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
`f5b96315fe <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5b96315fe65b99c0e2542831ff73a3406c4232d>`_  2022-03-07   ``Add documentation for Feb Providers release (#22056)``
`d94fa37830 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d94fa378305957358b910cfb1fe7cb14bc793804>`_  2022-02-08   ``Fixed changelog for January 2022 (delayed) provider's release (#21439)``
`6c3a67d4fc <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6c3a67d4fccafe4ab6cd9ec8c7bacf2677f17038>`_  2022-02-05   ``Add documentation for January 2021 providers release (#21257)``
`602abe8394 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/602abe8394fafe7de54df7e73af56de848cdf617>`_  2022-01-20   ``Remove ':type' lines now sphinx-autoapi supports typehints (#20951)``
`f77417eb0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f77417eb0d3f12e4849d80645325c02a48829278>`_  2021-12-31   ``Fix K8S changelog to be PyPI-compatible (#20614)``
`97496ba2b4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97496ba2b41063fa24393c58c5c648a0cdb5a7f8>`_  2021-12-31   ``Update documentation for provider December 2021 release (#20523)``
`d56e7b56bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d56e7b56bb9827daaf8890557147fd10bdf72a7e>`_  2021-12-30   ``Fix template_fields type to have MyPy friendly Sequence type (#20571)``
`a0821235fb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a0821235fb6877a471973295fe42283ef452abf6>`_  2021-12-30   ``Use typed Context EVERYWHERE (#20565)``
`f5df92e156 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5df92e156cf933f34dc34239297184fb2d0c5b2>`_  2021-12-14   ``Fix mypy airbyte provider errors (#20271)``
`853576d901 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/853576d9019d2aca8de1d9c587c883dcbe95b46a>`_  2021-11-30   ``Update documentation for November 2021 provider's release (#19882)``
`d9567eb106 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d9567eb106929b21329c01171fd398fbef2dc6c6>`_  2021-10-29   ``Prepare documentation for October Provider's release (#19321)``
`840ea3efb9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/840ea3efb9533837e9f36b75fa527a0fbafeb23a>`_  2021-09-30   ``Update documentation for September providers release (#18613)``
`ef037e7021 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ef037e702182e4370cb00c853c4fb0e246a0479c>`_  2021-09-29   ``Static start_date and default arg cleanup for misc. provider example DAGs (#18597)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================

2.1.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-08-30

=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================
`0a68588479 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a68588479e34cf175d744ea77b283d9d78ea71a>`_  2021-08-30   ``Add August 2021 Provider's documentation (#17890)``
`be75dcd39c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/be75dcd39cd10264048c86e74110365bd5daf8b7>`_  2021-08-23   ``Update description about the new ''connection-types'' provider meta-data``
`76ed2a49c6 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/76ed2a49c6cd285bf59706cf04f39a7444c382c9>`_  2021-08-19   ``Import Hooks lazily individually in providers manager (#17682)``
`97428efc41 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97428efc41e5902183827fb9e4e56d067ca771df>`_  2021-08-02   ``Fix messed-up changelog in 3 providers (#17380)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================

2.1.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-07-26

=================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================================
`87f408b1e7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/87f408b1e78968580c760acb275ae5bb042161db>`_  2021-07-26   ``Prepares docs for Rc2 release of July providers (#17116)``
`fea29112be <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fea29112bef4ad8787ae1482d829046bbba39f7e>`_  2021-07-19   ``AirbyteHook - Consider incomplete status (#16965)``
`d02ded65ea <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d02ded65eaa7d2281e249b3fa028605d1b4c52fb>`_  2021-07-15   ``Fixed wrongly escaped characters in amazon's changelog (#17020)``
`b916b75079 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b916b7507921129dc48d6add1bdc4b923b60c9b9>`_  2021-07-15   ``Prepare documentation for July release of providers. (#17015)``
`1e1b212417 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1e1b212417e089b43474bc19eec05b654afe98fb>`_  2021-07-08   ``Updating Airbyte example DAG to use XComArgs (#16867)``
`866a601b76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/866a601b76e219b3c043e1dbbc8fb22300866351>`_  2021-06-28   ``Removes pylint from our toolchain (#16682)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================================

2.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-06-18

=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
`bbc627a3da <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/bbc627a3dab17ba4cf920dd1a26dbed6f5cebfd1>`_  2021-06-18   ``Prepares documentation for rc2 release of Providers (#16501)``
`cbf8001d76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cbf8001d7630530773f623a786f9eb319783b33c>`_  2021-06-16   ``Synchronizes updated changelog after buggfix release (#16464)``
`1fba5402bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1fba5402bb14b3ffa6429fdc683121935f88472f>`_  2021-06-15   ``More documentation update for June providers release (#16405)``
`9c94b72d44 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9c94b72d440b18a9e42123d20d48b951712038f9>`_  2021-06-07   ``Updated documentation for June 2021 provider release (#16294)``
`75c91b4acf <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/75c91b4acf1ed45d6ccf60a6e1326700233a4f05>`_  2021-06-04   ``Add test_connection method to Airbyte hook (#16236)``
`10ed42a837 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/10ed42a837e11d8e954c1f885e289a4248edd2ca>`_  2021-05-27   ``Fix hooks extended from http hook (#16109)``
`feddc517d7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/feddc517d7ea4a8f9403e430865df742237401dd>`_  2021-05-09   ``Add missing docstring params (#15741)``
`37681bca00 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/37681bca0081dd228ac4047c17631867bba7a66f>`_  2021-05-07   ``Auto-apply apply_default decorator (#15667)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-03-06

=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================
`20b72aea4d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/20b72aea4dc1e25f2aa3cfe62b45ca1ff29d1cbb>`_  2021-03-06   ``Adds new Airbyte provider (#14492)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================

Commit message:

Prepare RC2 docs for May 2023 wave of Providers (#31416)
GitOrigin-RevId: 45548b9451fba4e48c6f0c0ba6050482c2ea2956

docs/apache-airflow-providers-airbyte/commits.rst, after:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-airbyte
------------------------------------------------------

`Airbyte <https://airbyte.io/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``airbyte``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



3.3.0
.....

Latest change: 2023-05-18

=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
`abea189022 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/abea18902257c0250fedb764edda462f9e5abc84>`_  2023-05-18   ``Use '__version__' in providers not 'version' (#31393)``
`f5aed58d9f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5aed58d9fb2137fa5f0e3ce75b6709bf8393a94>`_  2023-05-18   ``Fixing circular import error in providers caused by airflow version check (#31379)``
`d9ff55cf6d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d9ff55cf6d95bb342fed7a87613db7b9e7c8dd0f>`_  2023-05-16   ``Prepare docs for May 2023 wave of Providers (#31252)``
`eef5bc7f16 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/eef5bc7f166dc357fea0cc592d39714b1a5e3c14>`_  2023-05-03   ``Add full automation for min Airflow version for providers (#30994)``
`a7eb32a5b2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a7eb32a5b222e236454d3e474eec478ded7c368d>`_  2023-04-30   ``Bump minimum Airflow version in providers (#30917)``
`d23a3bbed8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d23a3bbed89ae04369983f21455bf85ccc1ae1cb>`_  2023-04-04   ``Add mechanism to suspend providers (#30422)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================

3.2.1
.....

Latest change: 2023-04-02

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================
`55dbf1ff1f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/55dbf1ff1fb0b22714f695a66f6108b3249d1199>`_  2023-04-02   ``Prepare docs for April 2023 wave of Providers (#30378)``
`8cec8cd2a1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8cec8cd2a1142e7541a6168aa3f6d070ee5bf410>`_  2023-03-11   ``Clarify optional parameters in Airbyte docstrings (#30031)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================

3.2.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-11-15

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================
`12c3c39d1a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c3c39d1a816c99c626fe4c650e88cf7b1cc1bc>`_  2022-11-15   ``pRepare docs for November 2022 wave of Providers (#27613)``
`78b8ea2f22 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/78b8ea2f22239db3ef9976301234a66e50b47a94>`_  2022-10-24   ``Move min airflow version to 2.3.0 for all providers (#27196)``
`2a34dc9e84 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/2a34dc9e8470285b0ed2db71109ef4265e29688b>`_  2022-10-23   ``Enable string normalization in python formatting - providers (#27205)``
`f8db64c35c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f8db64c35c8589840591021a48901577cff39c07>`_  2022-09-28   ``Update docs for September Provider's release (#26731)``
`06acf40a43 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/06acf40a4337759797f666d5bb27a5a393b74fed>`_  2022-09-13   ``Apply PEP-563 (Postponed Evaluation of Annotations) to non-core airflow (#26289)``
`e5ac6c7cfb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/e5ac6c7cfb189c33e3b247f7d5aec59fe5e89a00>`_  2022-08-10   ``Prepare docs for new providers release (August 2022) (#25618)``
`6861bcc03f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6861bcc03fa2177ad96cf493dcc19826849f92e3>`_  2022-08-04   ``AIP-47 - Migrate Airbyte DAGs to new design (#25135)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================

3.1.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-07-13

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================
`d2459a241b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d2459a241b54d596ebdb9d81637400279fff4f2d>`_  2022-07-13   ``Add documentation for July 2022 Provider's release (#25030)``
`0de31bd73a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0de31bd73a8f41dded2907f0dee59dfa6c1ed7a1>`_  2022-06-29   ``Move provider dependencies to inside provider folders (#24672)``
`c118b2836f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c118b2836f7211a0c3762cff8634b7b9a0d1cf0b>`_  2022-06-29   ``'AirbyteHook' add cancel job option (#24593)``
`510a6bab45 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/510a6bab4595cce8bd5b1447db957309d70f35d9>`_  2022-06-28   ``Remove 'hook-class-names' from provider.yaml (#24702)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================

3.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-06-09

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
`dcdcf3a2b8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/dcdcf3a2b8054fa727efb4cd79d38d2c9c7e1bd5>`_  2022-06-09   ``Update release notes for RC2 release of Providers for May 2022 (#24307)``
`717a7588bc <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/717a7588bc8170363fea5cb75f17efcf68689619>`_  2022-06-07   ``Update package description to remove double min-airflow specification (#24292)``
`aeabe994b3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/aeabe994b3381d082f75678a159ddbb3cbf6f4d3>`_  2022-06-07   ``Prepare docs for May 2022 provider's release (#24231)``
`027b707d21 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/027b707d215a9ff1151717439790effd44bab508>`_  2022-06-05   ``Add explanatory note for contributors about updating Changelog (#24229)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================

2.1.4
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-22

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================
`d7dbfb7e26 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d7dbfb7e26a50130d3550e781dc71a5fbcaeb3d2>`_  2022-03-22   ``Add documentation for bugfix release of Providers (#22383)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================

2.1.3
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-14

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
`16adc035b1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16adc035b1ecdf533f44fbb3e32bea972127bb71>`_  2022-03-14   ``Add documentation for Classifier release for March 2022 (#22226)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================

2.1.2
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-07

=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
`f5b96315fe <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5b96315fe65b99c0e2542831ff73a3406c4232d>`_  2022-03-07   ``Add documentation for Feb Providers release (#22056)``
`d94fa37830 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d94fa378305957358b910cfb1fe7cb14bc793804>`_  2022-02-08   ``Fixed changelog for January 2022 (delayed) provider's release (#21439)``
`6c3a67d4fc <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6c3a67d4fccafe4ab6cd9ec8c7bacf2677f17038>`_  2022-02-05   ``Add documentation for January 2021 providers release (#21257)``
`602abe8394 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/602abe8394fafe7de54df7e73af56de848cdf617>`_  2022-01-20   ``Remove ':type' lines now sphinx-autoapi supports typehints (#20951)``
`f77417eb0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f77417eb0d3f12e4849d80645325c02a48829278>`_  2021-12-31   ``Fix K8S changelog to be PyPI-compatible (#20614)``
`97496ba2b4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97496ba2b41063fa24393c58c5c648a0cdb5a7f8>`_  2021-12-31   ``Update documentation for provider December 2021 release (#20523)``
`d56e7b56bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d56e7b56bb9827daaf8890557147fd10bdf72a7e>`_  2021-12-30   ``Fix template_fields type to have MyPy friendly Sequence type (#20571)``
`a0821235fb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a0821235fb6877a471973295fe42283ef452abf6>`_  2021-12-30   ``Use typed Context EVERYWHERE (#20565)``
`f5df92e156 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5df92e156cf933f34dc34239297184fb2d0c5b2>`_  2021-12-14   ``Fix mypy airbyte provider errors (#20271)``
`853576d901 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/853576d9019d2aca8de1d9c587c883dcbe95b46a>`_  2021-11-30   ``Update documentation for November 2021 provider's release (#19882)``
`d9567eb106 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d9567eb106929b21329c01171fd398fbef2dc6c6>`_  2021-10-29   ``Prepare documentation for October Provider's release (#19321)``
`840ea3efb9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/840ea3efb9533837e9f36b75fa527a0fbafeb23a>`_  2021-09-30   ``Update documentation for September providers release (#18613)``
`ef037e7021 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ef037e702182e4370cb00c853c4fb0e246a0479c>`_  2021-09-29   ``Static start_date and default arg cleanup for misc. provider example DAGs (#18597)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================

2.1.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-08-30

=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================
`0a68588479 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a68588479e34cf175d744ea77b283d9d78ea71a>`_  2021-08-30   ``Add August 2021 Provider's documentation (#17890)``
`be75dcd39c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/be75dcd39cd10264048c86e74110365bd5daf8b7>`_  2021-08-23   ``Update description about the new ''connection-types'' provider meta-data``
`76ed2a49c6 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/76ed2a49c6cd285bf59706cf04f39a7444c382c9>`_  2021-08-19   ``Import Hooks lazily individually in providers manager (#17682)``
`97428efc41 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97428efc41e5902183827fb9e4e56d067ca771df>`_  2021-08-02   ``Fix messed-up changelog in 3 providers (#17380)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================

2.1.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-07-26

=================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================================
`87f408b1e7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/87f408b1e78968580c760acb275ae5bb042161db>`_  2021-07-26   ``Prepares docs for Rc2 release of July providers (#17116)``
`fea29112be <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fea29112bef4ad8787ae1482d829046bbba39f7e>`_  2021-07-19   ``AirbyteHook - Consider incomplete status (#16965)``
`d02ded65ea <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d02ded65eaa7d2281e249b3fa028605d1b4c52fb>`_  2021-07-15   ``Fixed wrongly escaped characters in amazon's changelog (#17020)``
`b916b75079 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b916b7507921129dc48d6add1bdc4b923b60c9b9>`_  2021-07-15   ``Prepare documentation for July release of providers. (#17015)``
`1e1b212417 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1e1b212417e089b43474bc19eec05b654afe98fb>`_  2021-07-08   ``Updating Airbyte example DAG to use XComArgs (#16867)``
`866a601b76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/866a601b76e219b3c043e1dbbc8fb22300866351>`_  2021-06-28   ``Removes pylint from our toolchain (#16682)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================================

2.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-06-18

=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
`bbc627a3da <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/bbc627a3dab17ba4cf920dd1a26dbed6f5cebfd1>`_  2021-06-18   ``Prepares documentation for rc2 release of Providers (#16501)``
`cbf8001d76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cbf8001d7630530773f623a786f9eb319783b33c>`_  2021-06-16   ``Synchronizes updated changelog after buggfix release (#16464)``
`1fba5402bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1fba5402bb14b3ffa6429fdc683121935f88472f>`_  2021-06-15   ``More documentation update for June providers release (#16405)``
`9c94b72d44 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9c94b72d440b18a9e42123d20d48b951712038f9>`_  2021-06-07   ``Updated documentation for June 2021 provider release (#16294)``
`75c91b4acf <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/75c91b4acf1ed45d6ccf60a6e1326700233a4f05>`_  2021-06-04   ``Add test_connection method to Airbyte hook (#16236)``
`10ed42a837 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/10ed42a837e11d8e954c1f885e289a4248edd2ca>`_  2021-05-27   ``Fix hooks extended from http hook (#16109)``
`feddc517d7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/feddc517d7ea4a8f9403e430865df742237401dd>`_  2021-05-09   ``Add missing docstring params (#15741)``
`37681bca00 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/37681bca0081dd228ac4047c17631867bba7a66f>`_  2021-05-07   ``Auto-apply apply_default decorator (#15667)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-03-06

=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================
`20b72aea4d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/20b72aea4dc1e25f2aa3cfe62b45ca1ff29d1cbb>`_  2021-03-06   ``Adds new Airbyte provider (#14492)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================
