docs/apache-airflow/howto/upgrading-from-1-10/upgrade-check.rst, before:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Upgrade Check Script
--------------------

.. _upgrade-check:

Getting the Airflow Upgrade Check Package
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Apache Airflow is published as ``apache-airflow`` package in PyPI. The Upgrade Check Script is part of a
separate Python Package, since it is separate from the core Apache Airflow package and is only needed for
a period of time and specifically only for upgrading from Airflow 1.10 releases to Airflow 2.0.

While there has been a lot of work put into making this upgrade as easy as possible, there are some
changes which are compatible between Airflow 1.10 and Airflow 2.0. In order to make this as simple to
navigate, we recommend that people first upgrade to the latest release in the 1.10 series (at the
time of writing: 1.10.15) and then to download this package and run the script as detailed below.


.. note::

   Only ``pip`` installation is currently officially supported.

   While they are some successes with using other tools like `poetry <https://python-poetry.org/>`_ or
   `pip-tools <https://pypi.org/project/pip-tools/>`_, they do not share the same workflow as
   ``pip`` - especially when it comes to constraint vs. requirements management.
   Installing via ``Poetry`` or ``pip-tools`` is not currently supported.

   If you wish to install airflow using those tools you should use the constraint files and convert
   them to appropriate format and workflow that your tool requires.

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install apache-airflow-upgrade-check

This will install the latest version of the Airflow Upgrade check package.


Running the Airflow Upgrade Check Package
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow upgrade_check

This will print out to the screen a number of actions that should be taken before upgrading the Airflow
release to 2.0.0 or higher.

The exit code of the command will be 0 (success) if no problems are found in running the command, or 1 if
problems were encountered in running the check.

A sample output as a result of a successful run of the upgrade check is shown below.

.. code-block:: bash

    ============================================== STATUS ============================================

    Check for latest versions of apache-airflow and checker..................................SUCCESS
    Remove airflow.AirflowMacroPlugin class..................................................SUCCESS
    Chain between DAG and operator not allowed...............................................SUCCESS
    Connection.conn_id is not unique.........................................................SUCCESS
    Connection.conn_type is not nullable.....................................................SUCCESS
    Fernet is enabled by default.............................................................FAIL
    GCP service account key deprecation......................................................SUCCESS
    Changes in import paths of hooks, operators, sensors and others..........................FAIL
    Users must delete deprecated configs for KubernetesExecutor..............................FAIL
    Legacy UI is deprecated by default.......................................................SUCCESS
    Logging configuration has been moved to new section......................................FAIL
    Removal of Mesos Executor................................................................SUCCESS
    Users must set a kubernetes.pod_template_file value......................................FAIL
    SendGrid email uses old airflow.contrib module...........................................SUCCESS
    Changes in import path of remote task handlers...........................................SUCCESS
    Jinja Template Variables cannot be undefined.............................................FAIL
    Found 7 problems.

    ========================================== RECOMMENDATIONS ========================================

    Fernet is enabled by default
    ----------------------------
    The fernet mechanism is enabled by default to increase the security of the default installation.

    Problems:

    1.  fernet_key in airflow.cfg must be explicitly set empty as fernet mechanism is enabledby default. This means that the apache-airflow[crypto] extra-packages are always installed.However, this requires that your operating system has libffi-dev installed.

    Changes in import paths of hooks, operators, sensors and others
    ---------------------------------------------------------------
    Many hooks, operators and other classes has been renamed and moved. Those changes were part of unifying names and imports paths as described in AIP-21.
    The contrib folder has been replaced by providers directory and packages:
    https://github.com/apache/airflow#backport-packages

    Problems:

    1.  Please install ``apache-airflow-backport-providers-presto``
    2.  Using ``airflow.hooks.presto_hook.PrestoHook`` will be replaced by ``airflow.providers.presto.hooks.presto.PrestoHook``. Affected file:


The following sections describe what is being done and how to apply the recommendations shown above.
Please note that the above results shown are only a partial set, where only the first
two of the seven problems identified are shown in the section above. In reality,
all the problems are shown on the screen.


Understanding what is being checked
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Upgrade Check checks the configuration data from airflow.cfg, the meta data from the Airflow
database, as well as the DAGs which have been set up in the current Airflow environment.

Using the above results as an example, there are two specific problems which have
been identified.

The first problem is identified in the configuration file airflow.cfg where the current configuration
option for the fernet_key is no longer acceptable and needs to be changed. This is because as of
Airflow 2.0, the fernet_key cannot be left empty, but needs to have a defined value. Examining the
problematic airflow.cfg and searching for the fernet_key entries would show the following:

.. code-block:: bash

    fernet_key =

The second problem was identified in one of the DAGs. In this case, this import
statement for the ``PrestoHook`` needs to be changed, since the location is different
in Airflow 2.0. Examining the DAG file would probably show the following:

.. code-block:: python

    from airflow.hooks.presto_hook import PrestoHook

We will discuss how to fix these and make them compatible with Airflow 2.0 in the next
section.


Applying the Recommendations
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

In most cases, the Recommendations result section of the Upgrade check contains
enough information to make the change.

For the first problem identified above with respect to the fernet_key, the solution is
to enter a valid value in the Airflow Configuration file airflow.cfg for the fernet_key.

For the second problem, you will need to install Presto backport provider.
Then you are able to use provider imports which contains the updated version of the hook.

.. code-block:: python

    from airflow.providers.presto.hooks.presto import PrestoHook



Turning off checks
''''''''''''''''''

Advanced Airflow users or those with multiple Airflow deployments may want to
customize the Upgrade Checks to their environment by turning off certain
checks which are not applicable to them. An example of this is users with
Airflow deployments not using the ``KubernetesPodOperator`` may want to turn off upgrade
checks related to the ``KubernetesPodOperator``.

This can be done by creating an "upgrade config file" in YAML as shown below:

.. code-block::

    ignored_rules:
        - PodTemplateFileRule

To use this configuration file (named ``upgrade-configuration.yaml`` for  this
example) while running the upgrade check script, use the following command syntax:

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow upgrade_check --config=./upgrade-configuration.yaml


Adding custom checks
''''''''''''''''''''

Advanced Airflow users or those with multiple Airflow deployments may also
want to add additional upgrade checks for specific elements in their
environment whether it is DAGs or configuration related.

These additional checks should be defined in a Python class and added as
``custom_rules`` in the "upgrade config file" as shown below:

.. code-block::

    custom_rules:
        - path.CustomCheckClass1
        - path.CustomCheckClass2

Now, invoke the upgrade check script using this configuration file as shown
below (the config file is named ``upgrade-configuration.yaml`` in
this example):

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow upgrade_check --config=./upgrade-configuration.yaml

Commit message:

Bring back min-airflow-version for preinstalled providers (#31469)
In the last wave of providers #31416 we bumped min-airlfow-version to 2.4 and
added mechanism to verify min-airflow version is ok while importing, but
it turned out that there are cases where installing just old version of
airflow (with no constraints) brings the latest version of those
providers and causes new installation of airflow to fail. This is far
too common to ignore or require to use constraints, unfortunately  We do
not have min-airlfow-version in the preinstalled providers for one
reason only. For some tools that are NOT conforming to standards (such
as bazel), having min-airflow-version for those providers causes
circular dependency (even though technically dependencies in PyPI can -
and often are - circular, because dependencies in Python are not DAG and
can contain cycles.

This was in response to this issue in 2021 #17795.

However, this is really  bazel issue, and on top of it - it's recognized
as such and being fixed very recently
in https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_python/issues/1188 because there
are other packages that have similar problems (pytorch and triton being
popular couple). Also Bazel is not that popular in the Python world. 

Therefore, rather than trying to workaround the problem of bazel, we
encourage them to merge and release the fix
https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_python/pull/1166#issuecomment-1558690218
and call it out in our installation instructions, that bazel
installation might lead to problems like that.

If bazel does not fix it, this will only be a problem for Future
installations of airflow in a few months most likely. It will not impact
current bazel users installing old versions of Airflow (actually they
might start having problems now if we do not fix it and yank the 5
providers released yesterday)

GitOrigin-RevId: 547e352578fac92f072b269dc257d21cdc279d97

docs/apache-airflow/howto/upgrading-from-1-10/upgrade-check.rst, after:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Upgrade Check Script
--------------------

.. _upgrade-check:

Getting the Airflow Upgrade Check Package
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Apache Airflow is published as ``apache-airflow`` package in PyPI. The Upgrade Check Script is part of a
separate Python Package, since it is separate from the core Apache Airflow package and is only needed for
a period of time and specifically only for upgrading from Airflow 1.10 releases to Airflow 2.0.

While there has been a lot of work put into making this upgrade as easy as possible, there are some
changes which are compatible between Airflow 1.10 and Airflow 2.0. In order to make this as simple to
navigate, we recommend that people first upgrade to the latest release in the 1.10 series (at the
time of writing: 1.10.15) and then to download this package and run the script as detailed below.


.. note::

   Only ``pip`` installation is currently officially supported.

   While they are some successes with using other tools like `poetry <https://python-poetry.org/>`_ or
   `pip-tools <https://pypi.org/project/pip-tools/>`_, they do not share the same workflow as
   ``pip`` - especially when it comes to constraint vs. requirements management.
   Installing via ``Poetry`` or ``pip-tools`` is not currently supported.

   There are known issues with ``bazel`` that might lead to circular dependencies when using it to install
   Airflow. Please switch to ``pip`` if you encounter such problems. ``Bazel`` community works on fixing
   the problem in `this PR <https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_python/pull/1166>`_ so it might be that
   newer versions of ``bazel`` will handle it.


   If you wish to install airflow using those tools you should use the constraint files and convert
   them to appropriate format and workflow that your tool requires.

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install apache-airflow-upgrade-check

This will install the latest version of the Airflow Upgrade check package.


Running the Airflow Upgrade Check Package
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow upgrade_check

This will print out to the screen a number of actions that should be taken before upgrading the Airflow
release to 2.0.0 or higher.

The exit code of the command will be 0 (success) if no problems are found in running the command, or 1 if
problems were encountered in running the check.

A sample output as a result of a successful run of the upgrade check is shown below.

.. code-block:: bash

    ============================================== STATUS ============================================

    Check for latest versions of apache-airflow and checker..................................SUCCESS
    Remove airflow.AirflowMacroPlugin class..................................................SUCCESS
    Chain between DAG and operator not allowed...............................................SUCCESS
    Connection.conn_id is not unique.........................................................SUCCESS
    Connection.conn_type is not nullable.....................................................SUCCESS
    Fernet is enabled by default.............................................................FAIL
    GCP service account key deprecation......................................................SUCCESS
    Changes in import paths of hooks, operators, sensors and others..........................FAIL
    Users must delete deprecated configs for KubernetesExecutor..............................FAIL
    Legacy UI is deprecated by default.......................................................SUCCESS
    Logging configuration has been moved to new section......................................FAIL
    Removal of Mesos Executor................................................................SUCCESS
    Users must set a kubernetes.pod_template_file value......................................FAIL
    SendGrid email uses old airflow.contrib module...........................................SUCCESS
    Changes in import path of remote task handlers...........................................SUCCESS
    Jinja Template Variables cannot be undefined.............................................FAIL
    Found 7 problems.

    ========================================== RECOMMENDATIONS ========================================

    Fernet is enabled by default
    ----------------------------
    The fernet mechanism is enabled by default to increase the security of the default installation.

    Problems:

    1.  fernet_key in airflow.cfg must be explicitly set empty as fernet mechanism is enabledby default. This means that the apache-airflow[crypto] extra-packages are always installed.However, this requires that your operating system has libffi-dev installed.

    Changes in import paths of hooks, operators, sensors and others
    ---------------------------------------------------------------
    Many hooks, operators and other classes has been renamed and moved. Those changes were part of unifying names and imports paths as described in AIP-21.
    The contrib folder has been replaced by providers directory and packages:
    https://github.com/apache/airflow#backport-packages

    Problems:

    1.  Please install ``apache-airflow-backport-providers-presto``
    2.  Using ``airflow.hooks.presto_hook.PrestoHook`` will be replaced by ``airflow.providers.presto.hooks.presto.PrestoHook``. Affected file:


The following sections describe what is being done and how to apply the recommendations shown above.
Please note that the above results shown are only a partial set, where only the first
two of the seven problems identified are shown in the section above. In reality,
all the problems are shown on the screen.


Understanding what is being checked
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Upgrade Check checks the configuration data from airflow.cfg, the meta data from the Airflow
database, as well as the DAGs which have been set up in the current Airflow environment.

Using the above results as an example, there are two specific problems which have
been identified.

The first problem is identified in the configuration file airflow.cfg where the current configuration
option for the fernet_key is no longer acceptable and needs to be changed. This is because as of
Airflow 2.0, the fernet_key cannot be left empty, but needs to have a defined value. Examining the
problematic airflow.cfg and searching for the fernet_key entries would show the following:

.. code-block:: bash

    fernet_key =

The second problem was identified in one of the DAGs. In this case, this import
statement for the ``PrestoHook`` needs to be changed, since the location is different
in Airflow 2.0. Examining the DAG file would probably show the following:

.. code-block:: python

    from airflow.hooks.presto_hook import PrestoHook

We will discuss how to fix these and make them compatible with Airflow 2.0 in the next
section.


Applying the Recommendations
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

In most cases, the Recommendations result section of the Upgrade check contains
enough information to make the change.

For the first problem identified above with respect to the fernet_key, the solution is
to enter a valid value in the Airflow Configuration file airflow.cfg for the fernet_key.

For the second problem, you will need to install Presto backport provider.
Then you are able to use provider imports which contains the updated version of the hook.

.. code-block:: python

    from airflow.providers.presto.hooks.presto import PrestoHook



Turning off checks
''''''''''''''''''

Advanced Airflow users or those with multiple Airflow deployments may want to
customize the Upgrade Checks to their environment by turning off certain
checks which are not applicable to them. An example of this is users with
Airflow deployments not using the ``KubernetesPodOperator`` may want to turn off upgrade
checks related to the ``KubernetesPodOperator``.

This can be done by creating an "upgrade config file" in YAML as shown below:

.. code-block::

    ignored_rules:
        - PodTemplateFileRule

To use this configuration file (named ``upgrade-configuration.yaml`` for  this
example) while running the upgrade check script, use the following command syntax:

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow upgrade_check --config=./upgrade-configuration.yaml


Adding custom checks
''''''''''''''''''''

Advanced Airflow users or those with multiple Airflow deployments may also
want to add additional upgrade checks for specific elements in their
environment whether it is DAGs or configuration related.

These additional checks should be defined in a Python class and added as
``custom_rules`` in the "upgrade config file" as shown below:

.. code-block::

    custom_rules:
        - path.CustomCheckClass1
        - path.CustomCheckClass2

Now, invoke the upgrade check script using this configuration file as shown
below (the config file is named ``upgrade-configuration.yaml`` in
this example):

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow upgrade_check --config=./upgrade-configuration.yaml
