docs/apache-airflow-providers-github/commits.rst, before:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-github
------------------------------------------------------

`GitHub <https://www.github.com/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``github``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



2.3.0
.....

Latest change: 2023-05-03

=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================
`eef5bc7f16 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/eef5bc7f166dc357fea0cc592d39714b1a5e3c14>`_  2023-05-03   ``Add full automation for min Airflow version for providers (#30994)``
`a7eb32a5b2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a7eb32a5b222e236454d3e474eec478ded7c368d>`_  2023-04-30   ``Bump minimum Airflow version in providers (#30917)``
`d23a3bbed8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d23a3bbed89ae04369983f21455bf85ccc1ae1cb>`_  2023-04-04   ``Add mechanism to suspend providers (#30422)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================

2.2.1
.....

Latest change: 2023-03-03

=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================
`fcd3c0149f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fcd3c0149f17b364dfb94c0523d23e3145976bbe>`_  2023-03-03   ``Prepare docs for 03/2023 wave of Providers (#29878)``
`a3d0e79237 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a3d0e79237e66b52e8930d3e4886b3d84fc4d392>`_  2023-02-27   ``Exclude v1.58 of 'PyGithub' package in GitHub provider (#29728)``
`d4af0cac02 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d4af0cac0245c4d576215619805e69ce7caf5c1a>`_  2023-02-22   ``Handle 'github_method_args' in GithubOperator when not provided (#29699)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================

2.2.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-11-15

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================
`12c3c39d1a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c3c39d1a816c99c626fe4c650e88cf7b1cc1bc>`_  2022-11-15   ``pRepare docs for November 2022 wave of Providers (#27613)``
`78b8ea2f22 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/78b8ea2f22239db3ef9976301234a66e50b47a94>`_  2022-10-24   ``Move min airflow version to 2.3.0 for all providers (#27196)``
`2a34dc9e84 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/2a34dc9e8470285b0ed2db71109ef4265e29688b>`_  2022-10-23   ``Enable string normalization in python formatting - providers (#27205)``
`f8db64c35c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f8db64c35c8589840591021a48901577cff39c07>`_  2022-09-28   ``Update docs for September Provider's release (#26731)``
`06acf40a43 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/06acf40a4337759797f666d5bb27a5a393b74fed>`_  2022-09-13   ``Apply PEP-563 (Postponed Evaluation of Annotations) to non-core airflow (#26289)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================

2.1.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-07-13

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================
`d2459a241b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d2459a241b54d596ebdb9d81637400279fff4f2d>`_  2022-07-13   ``Add documentation for July 2022 Provider's release (#25030)``
`ef79a0d1c4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ef79a0d1c4c0a041d7ebf83b93cbb25aa3778a70>`_  2022-07-11   ``Only assert stuff for mypy when type checking (#24937)``
`7f749b653c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7f749b653ce363b1450346b61c7f6c406f72cd66>`_  2022-07-07   ``Add test connection functionality to 'GithubHook' (#24903)``
`0de31bd73a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0de31bd73a8f41dded2907f0dee59dfa6c1ed7a1>`_  2022-06-29   ``Move provider dependencies to inside provider folders (#24672)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================

2.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-06-09

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
`dcdcf3a2b8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/dcdcf3a2b8054fa727efb4cd79d38d2c9c7e1bd5>`_  2022-06-09   ``Update release notes for RC2 release of Providers for May 2022 (#24307)``
`717a7588bc <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/717a7588bc8170363fea5cb75f17efcf68689619>`_  2022-06-07   ``Update package description to remove double min-airflow specification (#24292)``
`aeabe994b3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/aeabe994b3381d082f75678a159ddbb3cbf6f4d3>`_  2022-06-07   ``Prepare docs for May 2022 provider's release (#24231)``
`5f6d7d202e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5f6d7d202eaecf8619f1a1b943166d99554256c2>`_  2022-06-05   ``Migrate GitHub example DAGs to new design #22446 (#24134)``
`82d5f7cdb7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/82d5f7cdb7c2879ad561b0edef028b8c5ebb289a>`_  2022-06-04   ``Remove 'GithubOperator' use in  'GithubSensor.__init__()'' (#24214)``
`4a85370ca9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4a85370ca997015b75660192d2a481f09734c99d>`_  2022-05-18   ``Change 'Github' to 'GitHub' (#23764)``
`75c60923e0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/75c60923e01375ffc5f71c4f2f7968f489e2ca2f>`_  2022-05-12   ``Prepare provider documentation 2022.05.11 (#23631)``
`8b6b0848a3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8b6b0848a3cacf9999477d6af4d2a87463f03026>`_  2022-04-23   ``Use new Breese for building, pulling and verifying the images. (#23104)``
`6933022e94 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6933022e94acf139b2dea9a589bb8b25c62a5d20>`_  2022-04-10   ``Fix new MyPy errors in main (#22884)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================

1.0.3
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-22

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================
`d7dbfb7e26 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d7dbfb7e26a50130d3550e781dc71a5fbcaeb3d2>`_  2022-03-22   ``Add documentation for bugfix release of Providers (#22383)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================

1.0.2
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-14

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
`16adc035b1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16adc035b1ecdf533f44fbb3e32bea972127bb71>`_  2022-03-14   ``Add documentation for Classifier release for March 2022 (#22226)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-07

=================================================================================================  ===========  ===========================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===========================================================
`f5b96315fe <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5b96315fe65b99c0e2542831ff73a3406c4232d>`_  2022-03-07   ``Add documentation for Feb Providers release (#22056)``
`0a3ff43d41 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a3ff43d41d33d05fb3996e61785919effa9a2fa>`_  2022-02-08   ``Add pre-commit check for docstring param types (#21398)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===========================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-01-28

=================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================
`5d23fbe2bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5d23fbe2bb123ad778ff580cf85d1b3e39206388>`_  2022-01-28   ``Adding GitHub provider (#21076)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================

Commit message:

Prepare RC2 docs for May 2023 wave of Providers (#31416)
GitOrigin-RevId: 45548b9451fba4e48c6f0c0ba6050482c2ea2956

docs/apache-airflow-providers-github/commits.rst, after:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-github
------------------------------------------------------

`GitHub <https://www.github.com/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``github``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



2.3.0
.....

Latest change: 2023-05-18

=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
`abea189022 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/abea18902257c0250fedb764edda462f9e5abc84>`_  2023-05-18   ``Use '__version__' in providers not 'version' (#31393)``
`f5aed58d9f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5aed58d9fb2137fa5f0e3ce75b6709bf8393a94>`_  2023-05-18   ``Fixing circular import error in providers caused by airflow version check (#31379)``
`d9ff55cf6d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d9ff55cf6d95bb342fed7a87613db7b9e7c8dd0f>`_  2023-05-16   ``Prepare docs for May 2023 wave of Providers (#31252)``
`eef5bc7f16 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/eef5bc7f166dc357fea0cc592d39714b1a5e3c14>`_  2023-05-03   ``Add full automation for min Airflow version for providers (#30994)``
`a7eb32a5b2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a7eb32a5b222e236454d3e474eec478ded7c368d>`_  2023-04-30   ``Bump minimum Airflow version in providers (#30917)``
`d23a3bbed8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d23a3bbed89ae04369983f21455bf85ccc1ae1cb>`_  2023-04-04   ``Add mechanism to suspend providers (#30422)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================

2.2.1
.....

Latest change: 2023-03-03

=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================
`fcd3c0149f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fcd3c0149f17b364dfb94c0523d23e3145976bbe>`_  2023-03-03   ``Prepare docs for 03/2023 wave of Providers (#29878)``
`a3d0e79237 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a3d0e79237e66b52e8930d3e4886b3d84fc4d392>`_  2023-02-27   ``Exclude v1.58 of 'PyGithub' package in GitHub provider (#29728)``
`d4af0cac02 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d4af0cac0245c4d576215619805e69ce7caf5c1a>`_  2023-02-22   ``Handle 'github_method_args' in GithubOperator when not provided (#29699)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================

2.2.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-11-15

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================
`12c3c39d1a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c3c39d1a816c99c626fe4c650e88cf7b1cc1bc>`_  2022-11-15   ``pRepare docs for November 2022 wave of Providers (#27613)``
`78b8ea2f22 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/78b8ea2f22239db3ef9976301234a66e50b47a94>`_  2022-10-24   ``Move min airflow version to 2.3.0 for all providers (#27196)``
`2a34dc9e84 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/2a34dc9e8470285b0ed2db71109ef4265e29688b>`_  2022-10-23   ``Enable string normalization in python formatting - providers (#27205)``
`f8db64c35c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f8db64c35c8589840591021a48901577cff39c07>`_  2022-09-28   ``Update docs for September Provider's release (#26731)``
`06acf40a43 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/06acf40a4337759797f666d5bb27a5a393b74fed>`_  2022-09-13   ``Apply PEP-563 (Postponed Evaluation of Annotations) to non-core airflow (#26289)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================

2.1.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-07-13

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================
`d2459a241b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d2459a241b54d596ebdb9d81637400279fff4f2d>`_  2022-07-13   ``Add documentation for July 2022 Provider's release (#25030)``
`ef79a0d1c4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ef79a0d1c4c0a041d7ebf83b93cbb25aa3778a70>`_  2022-07-11   ``Only assert stuff for mypy when type checking (#24937)``
`7f749b653c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7f749b653ce363b1450346b61c7f6c406f72cd66>`_  2022-07-07   ``Add test connection functionality to 'GithubHook' (#24903)``
`0de31bd73a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0de31bd73a8f41dded2907f0dee59dfa6c1ed7a1>`_  2022-06-29   ``Move provider dependencies to inside provider folders (#24672)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================

2.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-06-09

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
`dcdcf3a2b8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/dcdcf3a2b8054fa727efb4cd79d38d2c9c7e1bd5>`_  2022-06-09   ``Update release notes for RC2 release of Providers for May 2022 (#24307)``
`717a7588bc <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/717a7588bc8170363fea5cb75f17efcf68689619>`_  2022-06-07   ``Update package description to remove double min-airflow specification (#24292)``
`aeabe994b3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/aeabe994b3381d082f75678a159ddbb3cbf6f4d3>`_  2022-06-07   ``Prepare docs for May 2022 provider's release (#24231)``
`5f6d7d202e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5f6d7d202eaecf8619f1a1b943166d99554256c2>`_  2022-06-05   ``Migrate GitHub example DAGs to new design #22446 (#24134)``
`82d5f7cdb7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/82d5f7cdb7c2879ad561b0edef028b8c5ebb289a>`_  2022-06-04   ``Remove 'GithubOperator' use in  'GithubSensor.__init__()'' (#24214)``
`4a85370ca9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4a85370ca997015b75660192d2a481f09734c99d>`_  2022-05-18   ``Change 'Github' to 'GitHub' (#23764)``
`75c60923e0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/75c60923e01375ffc5f71c4f2f7968f489e2ca2f>`_  2022-05-12   ``Prepare provider documentation 2022.05.11 (#23631)``
`8b6b0848a3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8b6b0848a3cacf9999477d6af4d2a87463f03026>`_  2022-04-23   ``Use new Breese for building, pulling and verifying the images. (#23104)``
`6933022e94 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6933022e94acf139b2dea9a589bb8b25c62a5d20>`_  2022-04-10   ``Fix new MyPy errors in main (#22884)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================

1.0.3
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-22

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================
`d7dbfb7e26 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d7dbfb7e26a50130d3550e781dc71a5fbcaeb3d2>`_  2022-03-22   ``Add documentation for bugfix release of Providers (#22383)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================

1.0.2
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-14

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
`16adc035b1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16adc035b1ecdf533f44fbb3e32bea972127bb71>`_  2022-03-14   ``Add documentation for Classifier release for March 2022 (#22226)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-07

=================================================================================================  ===========  ===========================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===========================================================
`f5b96315fe <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5b96315fe65b99c0e2542831ff73a3406c4232d>`_  2022-03-07   ``Add documentation for Feb Providers release (#22056)``
`0a3ff43d41 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a3ff43d41d33d05fb3996e61785919effa9a2fa>`_  2022-02-08   ``Add pre-commit check for docstring param types (#21398)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===========================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2022-01-28

=================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================
`5d23fbe2bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5d23fbe2bb123ad778ff580cf85d1b3e39206388>`_  2022-01-28   ``Adding GitHub provider (#21076)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================
